Evolution process (#14)
PeARSearch/PeARS-fruit-fly: fruit-fly/README.md

    python test_models.py --test_path=../datasets/wos/wos11967-test.sp --config_path=./models/best_models/wos_config.json

to get the average score on **--test_path** for all the hyper-parameter settings in **--config_path**.

## Run the evolution process

The evolution process helps to find the projection matrix and the winner-take-all rate that satisfy a pre-defined goal.

> So far, the goal is searching for a fly that performs well on classification task (on both 3 datasets), and it also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So far, the goal is searching for a fly that performs well on classification task (on all 3 datasets), and it also
```

> has small number of non-zero elements in the hashing results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has a small number of non-zero elements in the final hash.
```
